## Platform Access Agreement 
Updated as of July 16,  2021

This Platform Access Agreement (this “_PAA_”) is by and among you and your company/business (“_you_”) and Meters Per Second Inc. dba Pharmr (“_Pharmr_”). This PAA governs your access to our Platform (defined below) which facilitates your provision of services (“_Telemedicine Services_”) to users seeking to access certain types of telemedicine services (“_Telehealth Recipients_”) for themselves. For the sake of clarity and depending on the context, references to “_we_,” “_our_” and “_us_” may also refer to Pharmr; references to “_Physician_”, “_Provider_”, “_Practice_” may also refer to you.

Access to our technology platform includes access to our technology application (“_run.pharmr.app_”) that, amongst other things, facilitates telemedicine transactions between you and Telehealth Recipients; as well as websites and all other associated services, including payment and support services, provided by Pharmr, its affiliates or third parties (collectively, our “_Platform_”).

Your access to our Platform is also governed by the applicable terms found on our website,
including without limitation, the [Business Associates Agreement](https://github.com/Pharmr/run-legal/blob/main/business-associate-agreement.md), [Community Guidelines](https://github.com/Pharmr/legal/blob/main/community-guidelines.md), other applicable Pharmr standards and policies and, except as provided in Section 14.11 below, any other agreements you have with us (including those related to how you choose to interact with our Platform, the services you choose to provide and where you chose to provide them) (collectively with this PAA, this “_Agreement_”), which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. By accepting this Agreement, you confirm that you have read, understand and accept the provisions of this Agreement and intend to be bound by this Agreement. This Agreement is effective as of the date and time you accept it.

### 1.    Relationship with Pharmr

**1.1.    Contracting Parties.** The relationship between the parties is solely as independent business enterprises, each of whom operates a separate and distinct business enterprise that provides a service outside the usual course of business of the other. This is not an employment agreement and you are not an employee. You confirm the existence and nature of that contractual relationship each time you access our Platform. We are not hiring or engaging you to provide any service; you are engaging us to provide you access to our Platform.

Nothing in this Agreement creates, will create, or is intended to create, any employment,
partnership, joint venture, franchise or sales representative relationship between you and us.
You have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on our behalf. Consequently, the parties agree that no party (nor its employees, agents, or representatives) will, by virtue of this Agreement, have a claim against the other party for any workers’ compensation or any other employment compensation or fringe benefit, and that each party is responsible for all employer withholdings, workers’ compensation contributions, Social Security and Medicare taxes, other payroll taxes and similar mandatory employer withholds and compensation for such party’s personnel. Pharmr will supervise the activities of all of its employees and contracting parties in their performance of Management Services on behalf of Pharmr (the “_Management Personnel_”)

Further, the parties understand that Pharmr does not engage in the practice of medicine or otherwise provide professional medical services, nor does Pharmr employ individuals to furnish such services on behalf of Pharmr, you, or any other person or entity.

**1.2.    Your Choice to Provide Telemedicine Services to Telehealth Recipients.** We do not, and have no right to, direct or control you. Subject to Platform availability, you decide when, how and whether (a) you want to offer telemedicine services facilitated by our Platform and (b) you want to accept, reject, ignore or cancel a Telehealth Recipient’s (defined below) request or a Telehealth Recipient’s membership to your services; provided, in each case, that you agree not to discriminate against any potential Telehealth Recipient in violation of the Requirements (defined below). Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, you are not required to accept any minimum number of Telehealth Recipients in order to access our Platform and it is entirely your choice whether to provide telemedicine services to Telehealth Recipients directly, using our Platform, or using any other method to connect with Telehealth Recipients, including, but not limited to other platforms and applications in addition to, or instead of, ours. You understand, however, that the experiences Telehealth Recipients have with your Telemedicine Services, as determined by Telehealth Recipient input, may affect your ability to access our Platform or provide Telemedicine Services.

### 2.    Our Platform

**2.1.    General.** While using run.pharmr.app, you may receive lead generation and other technology-based services that enable those operating independent business enterprises like you to provide services to Telehealth Recipients (herein as “_Telemedicine Services_”). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Pharmr hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable license, during the term of this Agreement, to use our Platform (including run.pharmr.app and associated applications) solely for the purpose of providing Telemedicine Services and accessing services associated with providing Telemedicine Services.

**2.2.    Compliance.** You are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with (i) all laws (including, but not limited to, the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable laws governing your collection, use, disclosure, security, processing and transfer of data), rules and regulations that apply to your provision of Telemedicine Services (including whether you are licensed to provide medical  services at all) in the jurisdiction(s) in which you operate (your “Region”) and (ii) this Agreement (collectively, the “_Requirements_”). Subject to applicable law, you are responsible for identifying and obtaining any required licensure to practice medicine on the Pharmr platform. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for the avoidance of doubt, your ability to access and use our Platform is at all times subject to your compliance with the Requirements. You agree not to access or attempt to access our Platform if you are not in compliance with the Requirements.

**2.3.    Your Provision of Telemedicine Services.** You represent, warrant and covenant that (a) you have all the necessary expertise and experience to provide Telemedicine Services in compliance with the Requirements and standards applicable to your medical specialty, (b) your access and use of our Platform, and provision of telemedicine service, in your Region is permitted by the Requirements (including any age requirements) and (c) all such access and use of our Platform will be in compliance with the Requirements. You are responsible for, and bear all costs of, providing all equipment, tools and other materials that you deem necessary or advisable and are solely responsible for any obligations or liabilities arising from the Telemedicine Services you provide.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.3.1.    Physician Practice. You will maintain an active practice in your specialty, in good standing with the applicable state medical board and applicable law. You will be solely responsible for performing all duties that constitute the practice of medicine, including the practice of medicine to treat Telehealth Recipients using the Platform, including without limitation interpreting information and data collected and transmitted through the Platform, providing medical advice, prescribing medications to Telehealth Recipients or adjusting prescribed dosages of such medications, and directly communicating with Telehealth Recipients. 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.3.2.    Maintenance of Necessary Credentials. You and all of your personnel will maintain all credentials required to provide your services to patients, including without limitation any board certification, if required to practice in your Specialty. Your practice will comply with all applicable laws concerning the licensure and practice of medicine and the provision of medical services via telehealth, including standard of care, recordkeeping, and documentation requirements. You will require each of your employees or independent contractors providing services to your practice as part of the Telehealth Program to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.3.3.    Equipment. You will provide all computer and communication equipment necessary for you to access and use the Platform and to communicate with Telemedicine Recipients.

- Browser compatibility: 
  - Chrome (most recent release)

- Display size: 
  -  Minimum window width of 1024px

- High speed internet service: 
  - 20mbps download (minimum)
  - 20mbps upload (minimum) 

- User accounts (2 factor authentication):
  - User accessible email address
  - US based mobile phone number that supports SMS


&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.3.4.    Medicare and Medicaid Program Participation; Commercial Payors. You represent and warrant that you will not receive any reimbursement for the Telemedicine Services from any government-funded health care program, including without limitation Medicare and Medicaid, or from any commercial or third-party payors.  

**2.4.    Accessing our Platform.** To provide Telemedicine Services you must first create and register an account. All information you provide to us must be accurate, current and complete and you will maintain the accuracy and completeness of such information during the term of this Agreement. Unless otherwise permitted by us in writing, you agree to only possess one account for providing Telemedicine Services. You are responsible for all activity conducted on your account. For account security, as well as Telemedicine Recipient safety purposes, you agree not to share or allow anyone to use your login credentials or other personal information used in connection with your account, including but not limited to photos of yourself, to access our Platform. If you think anyone has obtained improper access to your account, login credentials or personal information, you are required to notify us and to change your password immediately so that we may take appropriate steps to secure your account. You agree that we are not responsible for any losses arising from your sharing of account credentials with a third party, including without limitation phishing. You can find out more about securing your account by visiting run.pharmr.app and navigating to the “Support” section.


You represent, warrant and covenant that you have all required authority to accept and be bound by this Agreement. If you are accepting this Agreement on behalf of your company, entity, or organization, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of that company, entity, or organization with the authority to bind such party to this Agreement.

**2.5.    Account activation.** 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.5.1.    Background checks. Before you are authorized to provide Telemedicine Services on our Platform, you have to complete your account. During your account creation and registration, we will collect, and may verify certain information about you to provide Telemedicine Services. You will be required to pass various background, medical record and other checks both prior to the first time you provide Telemedicine Services on our Platform and from time to time thereafter during the term of this Agreement; these checks may be facilitated by third parties. You hereby authorize and instruct us to provide copies of such checks to insurance companies, relevant regulators and/or other governmental authorities as needed for safety or other reasons, as described in our [Privacy Policy](https://github.com/Pharmr/run-legal/blob/main/privacy-policy-run.md).

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.5.2.    Creating a community. To provide Telemedicine Services through our Platform, you must create a telehealth program (herein called “_Community_”). To create a Community you will complete an application using the Community Builder in our platform run.pharmr.app. You are required to complete all fields in the Community Builder prior to submission for activation. We will review your application for completeness and accuracy and hold the right to decline your application for activation for any reason.

**2.6.    Accepting Telemedicine Requests.** 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.6.1.    Telemedicine requests. Telemedicine requests may appear in run.pharmr.app and you may attempt to accept, decline or ignore them. Accepting a Telemedicine request creates a direct business relationship between you and your Telemedicine Recipient in accordance with the terms of the telemedicine service you offer to the Telemedicine Recipient through our Platform. The mechanism for accepting or declining Telemedicine requests may vary depending on your location and the type of telemedicine request you accept. You acknowledge upon acceptance of a Telehealth Recipient, you may incur Pharmr fees as described in an applicable fee schedule to
this PAA.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.6.2.    Compliance. To accept Telemedicine Recipients into your Community you must comply with the Federal and State laws and requirements that define the practice of Telemedicine in the respective location. States may have different laws and requirements for establishing a physician-patient relationship. It is your responsibility to comply with all applicable laws and requirements for each Telemedicine Recipient you service. Pharmr is not responsible for any non-compliance by you with Federal and State laws.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.6.3.    User information. You may receive Telemedicine Recipient information, including Protected Health Information, and you agree that your Telemedicine Recipient may also be given identifying information about you, including your practice name, and certain other information you have voluntarily provided through run.pharmr.app (collectively, “_User Information_”). Without a Telemedicine Recipient’s consent, you agree to not contact any Telemedicine Recipient or otherwise use any of the Telemedicine Recipient’s User Information except solely in connection with the provision of Telemedicine Services to that Telemedicine Recipient. You agree to treat all User Information as Confidential Information (defined below) received by you under this Agreement. You acknowledge that your violation of your confidentiality obligations may also violate certain laws and could result in civil or criminal penalties.

**2.7.    License.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.7.1.    Marks and Licensed Materials. We own the names, marks, and variants of Pharmr (“_Marks_”). We developed and own the Platform, other confidential and proprietary methods, technical knowledge, information, specialized services, business formats, brand concepts, proprietary products, operational processes, commercial ideas, advertising materials, marketing strategies, information on sources of supply, unique trade dress, architectural design, employee uniforms, training techniques, operating manuals, symbols, service marks, favicons, designs, patients lists, procedures, processes and other copyrighted, patented, trademarked or other legally protectable information that is proprietary and confidential to us and other materials which are subject to protection under copyright and trade secrets laws (collectively, the “_Licensed Materials_”). 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.7.2.    Grant of License; Limitations. We hereby grant to you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, fully paid-up right and privilege (the “_License_”) to use the Marks and Licensed Materials solely in connection with Telehealth Services within the Field of Use so long as this Agreement is in effect. You will have the right to use the Marks and Licensed Materials solely in connection with the Telehealth Services within the Field of Use. You will not sublicense any rights hereunder. You will not use any of the Marks with any other marks or other source indicators, and you will not combine any of the Marks with any other marks or other source indicators, unless first expressly approved by us in writing. You will not use, form, or participate in the formation or operation of any firm or company which incorporates or embodies any of the Marks or Pharmr’s name, and you will not allow others to use the Marks or our name. 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.7.3.    Domain Names; Website. You will not use any of the Marks, in whole or in part, as a domain name or in any part of a domain name without our prior written approval, which will be at Pharmr’s sole discretion.

**2.8.    Ownership and Maintenance.** You hereby agree that, as between you and us, except for the rights granted to you under this Agreement, the Marks and the Licensed Materials developed by us, and all rights relating thereto (including without limitation, all trademark, copyright, trade secret and other proprietary rights), will remain the sole and exclusive property of us.  We grant you a non-exclusive nationwide license to use the Marks and the Licensed Materials in connection with the Telehealth Program.

The parties expressly agree that your access to, or use of, Pharmr Branded Materials, whether or not authorized, does not indicate an employment or other similar relationship between you and us. You further agree not to represent yourself as our employee, representative or agent for any purpose or otherwise misrepresent your relationship with us.

**2.9.    Equitable Relief.** The parties acknowledge that the other may suffer irreparable harm as a result of the breach by it of any material covenant or agreement to be performed or observed by it under this Agreement and, whether such breach occurs before or after the termination of this Agreement, you and Pharmr acknowledge that the other will be entitled to apply for and receive a preliminary injunction (or such other equitable relief as is appropriate) enjoining the other party from further breach of this Agreement or further infringement or impairment of the rights of Pharmr or your practice, as the case may be.

**2.10.    Compliance Obligations.** For the purpose of assisting us with our compliance and insurance obligations, you agree to notify us within 24 hours and provide us with all reasonable information relating to any incident that occurs during your provision of a Telemedicine Services and you agree to cooperate with any investigation and attempted resolution of such incident. 

**2.11.    Ratings.** The Telemedicine Recipient may be asked to comment on your services, and you may be asked to comment on the Telemedicine Recipient. These comments can include ratings and other feedback (collectively, “_Ratings_”), which we ask all parties to provide in good faith. Ratings are not confidential and you hereby authorize our use, distribution and display of your Ratings (and Ratings about you) as provided in our Privacy Notice, without attribution or further approval. We have no obligation to verify Ratings or their accuracy, and may remove them from our Platform in accordance with the standards in our Community Guidelines. You can find out more about Ratings and how they may affect your ability to access our Platform by visiting our website

**2.12.    Communication Consents.** You agree that we may contact you by email, telephone or text message (including by an automatic telephone dialing system) at any of the phone numbers provided by you, or on your behalf, in connection with your account. We may also contact you by any of the above means, including by SMS, in case of suspected fraud or unlawful activity by your or on your account.

**2.13. Patient Records Database.** Pharmr will maintain the patient records database that is part of the Platform during the term of this Agreement and to assist Telehealth Recipients, on your behalf, in obtaining electronic access to their patient records in the database. Pharmr will provide all services related to the maintenance of patient medical records, including record retrieval services, located in the database of the Platform. You hereby authorize Pharmr to act as its agent in providing access to the patient records to health care providers who request a copy of or access to patient records for treatment purposes or to any other entity to use the patient records, as legally permitted, for the purposes of treatment, payment or health care operations. Pharmr will maintain all patient records in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and will comply with the terms of the HIPAA Business Associate Addendum in Section 2.14. Both you and Pharmr will retain access to patient records associated with your services for the duration of your engagement. Pharmr retains all rights to use and disclose any de-identified Protected Health Information (as defined below) as permitted by law.

**2.14. HIPAA Compliance.** Pharmr agrees to comply with the applicable provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as codified at 42 U.S.C. § 1320d through d8 (“_HIPAA_”), and the requirements of any regulations promulgated thereunder including without limitation the federal privacy regulations as contained in 45 CFR Part 142 (collectively, the “_Regulations_”). Pharmr agrees not to use or further disclose any protected health information, as defined in 45 CFR § 164.504, or individually identifiable health information, as defined in 42 U.S.C. § 1320d (collectively, the “_Protected Health Information_”), concerning a Telehealth Program Patient other than as permitted by this Agreement and the requirements of HIPAA or the Regulations. Pharmr will implement appropriate safeguards to prevent the use or disclosure of Protected Health Information other than as described by this Agreement. Pharmr will promptly report to you any use or disclosure of which Pharmr becomes aware of Protected Health Information in violation of HIPAA or the Regulations. In the event Pharmr contracts with any agents to whom Pharmr provides Protected Health Information, Pharmr will include provisions in such agreements pursuant to which Pharmr and such agents agree to the same restrictions and conditions that apply to Pharmr with respect to Protected Health Information. Pharmr will make its internal practices, books, and records relating to the use and disclosure of Protected Health Information available to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services to the extent required for determining compliance with HIPAA and the Regulations. No attorney-client, accountant-client, or other legal or equitable privilege will be deemed to have been waived by Pharmr or you by virtue of this Section 11.1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Pharmr has the right to use and disclose any de-identified Protected Health Information of Telehealth Patients for any lawful purpose.

### 3. Insurance & Coverage

**3.1.    Indemnification.** The Physician agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Pharmr and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, contractors, shareholders, successors and assigns, from and against any and all liability, loss, claim, damage, expense, tax, or penalty, including defense costs and legal fees, incurred in connection with (i) the Physician’s breach of any representation and warranty made by the Physician in this Agreement, (ii) claims for damages of any nature whatsoever, including, but not limited to, bodily injury, death, personal injury, medical malpractice or property damage arising from the Physician’s delivery of Medical Services pursuant to this Agreement or the Physician’s performance or failure to perform the Physician’s obligations hereunder; (iii) any error, omission or malfeasance of the Physician; (iv) any determination by a court or agency that the Physician is not an independent contractor; (v) any breach by the Physician of any of the covenants contained in this Agreement; and (vi) any efforts by Pharmr to enforce its rights under this Agreement.

**3.2.    Physician Insurance Coverage.** Physician will procure and maintain during the term hereof, at Physician’s sole and complete expense, comprehensive professional liability insurance covering Physician for all activities undertaken by Physician pursuant to this Agreement. Such insurance will be provided by a carrier licensed to do business in the state(s) where Physician is licensed to practice medicine, with minimum coverage limits in the amounts of $1,000,000 per claim and $3,000,000 in the aggregate for the policy year. Such insurance will provide coverage for all occurrences or claims during the term of this Agreement. Pharmr will be named as an additional insured under the professional liability insurance coverage. If the foregoing insurance is obtained on a “claims made” basis, then following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Physician will be required to obtain “tail” insurance coverage, to cover acts or occurrences during the term of this Agreement as to which claims may be asserted after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Such insurance coverage will not be cancelable except upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Pharmr.

**3.3.    Platform Coverage.** The Physician shall be solely responsible for (a) determining if the Physician needs coverage in addition to the coverage provided under this Agreement; and (b) meeting all requirements for any insurance coverage in excess of, or in addition to, the coverage provided by Pharmr under this Agreement.

**3.4.    Limiting Medical Liability through Binding Arbitration.** Telehealth Receipts are asked to consent to a Medical Services Agreement that contains a binding arbitration clause upon initiation of Telehealth Services. This is intended to reduce exposure to you practicing medical services on the Pharmr platform. In certain states and jurisdictions, binding arbitration may not apply. Additionally, Telehealth receipts have the right to opt out of binding arbitration by sending a correspondence in writing within 30 days of accepting the agreement. Pharmr will maintain a database of these “opt out notices” on behalf of you. At any time, you may request a copy of Telehealth users who have opted out of Binding Arbitration in association with your medical services by notifying Pharmr in writing. 

**3.5.    Certificates.** Upon Pharmr’s request, Physician will present Pharmr with certificates evidencing the insurance coverages required pursuant to Section 3.2. 

### 4. Payments

**4.1.    Subscription Fee Charged to Telehealth Recipients.** In your provision of Telemedicine Services, you may charge a recurring monthly membership subscription to Telehealth Recipients (herein the “_Subscription Fee_”). You will specify the Subscription Fee upon the creation of a Community in run.pharmr.app. This cannot be changed once the community is activated on the Platform. The Telehealth Recipient may be required to pay the Subscription Fee for as long as the Telehealth Recipient is an active member of your Community. The Subscription Fee will be collected on the Platform by Pharmr and remitted to you on a monthly basis. For your use of the Platform, Pharmr may collect Fees as described in the Pharmr Fees Section 4.4. 

**4.2.    Payments, Adjustments and Settlement.** Pharmr will collect payments owed to you by Telemedicine Recipients as your limited payment collection agent and you agree that the receipt of such payments by Pharmr satisfies the payer’s obligation to you. 

You hereby appoint Pharmr as its true and lawful attorney-in fact for the following limited purposes: (a) to collect, in the name and for the account of you, all payments for services rendered by you, including the acceptance of credit card payments that may be made on the Platform as a convenience to Telehealth Recipients; (b) to retain monthly all amounts due and payable to Pharmr for any Fees (c) to deposit all amounts collected (including credit card payments on the Platform) in the names and for the accounts of Physician, as described in subsection (a) above).

Pharmr reserves the right to adjust or withhold all or a portion of the Subscription Fee or other payment owed to you (except tips) (i) if we believe that you have attempted to defraud or abuse Telehealth Recipient, Pharmr, or Pharmr’s payment systems, or (ii) in order to resolve a Telehealth Recipient complaint. Pharmr’s decision to adjust or withhold the Subscription Fee or other payment in any way shall be exercised in a reasonable manner. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your Subscription Fees and any other payments to you will be paid to you in arrears of at least 30 days. You acknowledge and agree that all payments owed to you shall not include any interest and will be net of any amounts that we are required to withhold by law.

**4.3.    Additional Payments to You.** In addition to the Subscription Fee, you may receive the following payments, if applicable: (i) any tips provided by a Telemedicine Recipient to you, (ii) any bonuses or incentives you earn based on your provision of Telemedicine Services. You understand that you are not allowed to charge any other fees to the Telehealth Recipients through our Platform or through any other means for Telemedicine Services provided through our Platform.

**4.4.    Pharmr Fees.** In exchange for facilitating the Telemedicine Services that you provide to Telehealth Recipients, you agree to pay Pharmr (and permit Pharmr to retain) a fee based on each transaction in which you provide Telemedicine Services (herein the "_Management Fee_"). Pharmr shall be entitled to a Management Fee equal to thirty percent (30%) of all subscriptions payable by each Telehealth Recipient. For your convenience, Pharmr may collect the Management Fee from Telehealth Recipients on your behalf. The Management Fee may be communicated each 30 day period on an aggregated basis. For purposes of determining the Management Fees to which Pharmr is entitled, the prices payable by you shall be net of any and all taxes collected.

**4.5.    Unanticipated fees.** Pharmr may charge you other fees on a one-time, recurring or periodic basis. The amount of such fees may vary by market or other factors and shall be communicated to you in advance of incurring the fee.

**4.6.    Payment & Remittance Processing.** Payment processing services are provided by third-party payment processors hosted on the Platform. The platform utilizes multiple payment processors for the purposes of processing credit card payments. Each payment processed on our Platform will incur payment processing fees for accepting payment from the Telehealth Recipient’s payment method(s). Regardless of payment gateway or type of payment method used, Pharmr charges you a payment processing and administration fee of 3.5% on each payment made by the Telehealth Recipient through Pharmr.

To enable the receipt of your remittance payment in arrears of 30 days, Pharmr may send this payment using ACH (automated clearing house) to a bank account of your choosing, specified in your run.pharmr.app user account. ACH incurs fees from the bank which will be deducted from your total payment. Pharmr charges you a remittance processing fee of $1.00 on each remittance made to you. If a payment is returned or Pharmr incurs expenses due to errors from the information provided by you, we may pass these fees on to you. Payments sent to the wrong address or bank account as a result of errors made you are your sole responsibility to correct. You agree to provide accurate and complete information about you and your business, and authorize Pharmr to share it and transaction information with our ACH payment processor for the purposes of facilitating the payment processing services..

**4.7.    Promotions.** Pharmr may, at its discretion, offer promotions or other Coupons to Telehealth Recipients in association with the physician's Telehealth Program Services page. These may consist of badges, banners, search optimization, improvements to discoverability, new features to the platform, benefits to the Telehealth Receipt’s subscription, and targeted notifications. The duration of promotion will be determined by Pharmr and its partners. You acknowledge and agree such promotions do not entitle you to any additional monetary amounts beyond the amounts expressly set forth in this Agreement.

### 5. No requirement to refer. 

Nothing in this Agreement, whether written or oral, nor any consideration in connection herewith contemplates, requires or is intended to induce or pay any person to refer any Telehealth Recipient or any other person to any other party.

### 6. Change in Law

**6.1.    Legal Event; Consequences.** Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any other federal, state, or local governmental or nongovernmental agency, accreditation organization or any court or administrative tribunal passes, issues, or promulgates any law, rule, regulation, standard, interpretation, order, decision, or judgment, including but not limited to those relating to any regulations pursuant to state or federal anti-kickback or self-referral statutes (collectively or individually, “_Legal Event_”), which, in the good faith judgment of one party (the “_Noticing Party_”), materially and adversely affects either party’s licensure, accreditation, certification, or ability to refer, to accept any referral, to bill, to claim, to present a claim, or to receive payment, or which subjects the Noticing Party to a risk of prosecution or civil monetary penalty, or which, in the good faith judgment of the Noticing Party, indicates a rule or regulation with which the Noticing Party desires further compliance, then the Noticing Party may give the other party notice of intent to amend or terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 6.2, below.

**6.2.    Notice Requirements.** The Noticing Party will give notice to the other party together with an opinion from legal counsel setting forth the following information: The Legal Event(s) giving rise to the notice; the consequences of the Legal Event(s) as to the Noticing Party; the Noticing Party’s intention to either: (a) terminate this Agreement due to unacceptable risk of prosecution or civil monetary penalty; or (b) amend this Agreement, together with a statement that the purpose thereof is one or more of the following: (i) to further comply with any statutory provisions or rules or regulations created or affected by the Legal Event(s); (ii) to satisfy any licensure, accreditation or certification requirements created or affected by the Legal Event(s); or (iii) to eliminate or minimize the risk of prosecution or civil monetary penalty; (iv) the Noticing Party’s proposed amendment(s); and (v) the Noticing Party’s request for commencement of the Renegotiation Period (defined below).

**6.3.    Renegotiation Period Termination.** In the event of notice under Section 10.2 above, the parties will have ten (10) days from the giving of such notice (“_Renegotiation Period_”) within which to attempt to amend this Agreement in accordance with the Noticing Party’s proposal (if any) or otherwise as the parties may agree. If this Agreement is not so amended within the Renegotiation Period, this Agreement will terminate as of midnight on the tenth (10th) day after said notice was given. Except as required by applicable law, any amounts owing to either party hereunder will be paid up to the date of such termination, and any obligation hereunder that is to continue beyond expiration or termination will so continue pursuant to its terms. All opinions of legal counsel presented by the Noticing Party hereunder, and any corresponding opinions given by the other party in response, will be deemed confidential and given solely for purposes of renegotiation and settlement of a potential dispute, and will not be deemed disclosed so as to waive any privileges otherwise applicable to said opinions.

### 7.    Compliance with Laws. 

In the performance of their respective responsibilities and obligations hereunder, you and Pharmr will comply with the requirements of all federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances applicable to their respective obligations, organizations, and activities. You will comply with all applicable federal and state laws, including without limitation privacy, confidentiality, and security laws applicable to you, your Practice, and your Telemedicine Services. You will maintain legally compliant administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for all telehealth applications, including the Platform, and network equipment.

### 8.    Term and Termination

**8.1.    Term.** This Agreement is effective as of the date and time you accept it and will continue until terminated by you or us.

**8.2.    Termination by You.** You may terminate this Agreement (a) without cause at any time upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Pharmr; and (b) immediately, without notice for Pharmr’s violation or alleged violation of a material provision of this Agreement. You can find out more about how to delete your account by visiting run.pharmr.app and navigating to the “Support” section.

**8.3.    Deactivation.** You consent to and we may temporarily or permanently deactivate your account or any community you create without notice to investigate whether you have engaged in, or your account has been used in, activity that is deceptive, fraudulent, unsafe, illegal, harmful to our brand, business or reputation, or that violates this Agreement or Pharmr’s [Community Guidelines](https://github.com/Pharmr/legal/blob/main/community-guidelines.md) (including the policies incorporated herein by reference) (any of the foregoing, a “_Material Breach or Violation_”). You also consent to and we may terminate this Agreement or permanently deactivate your account without notice if we determine in our discretion that a Material Breach or Violation has occurred.

**8.4.    Effect of Termination and Survival.** Upon termination, each party will remain responsible for its respective liabilities or obligations that accrued before or as a result of such termination. Once the Agreement is terminated you will no longer access our Platform to provide Telemedicine Services. You agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to return any Pharmr Branded Materials, but excluding promotional materials or purchased items, to a Pharmr representative or destroy them. Sections 1, 2.7, 4, 9-12, 14, and 15 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

### 9. DISCLAIMERS

**9.1.**    WE PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM AND ANY ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS OR SERVICES “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITHOUT GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND YOUR ACCESS TO OUR PLATFORM IS NOT GUARANTEED TO RESULT IN ANY DELIVERY REQUESTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT OUR PLATFORM WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ALWAYS AVAILABLE, OR ERROR- FREE, OR WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR TECHNOLOGY IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS OR LOSSES RESULTING FROM SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SYSTEM FAILURES OR OTHER INTERRUPTIONS THAT MAY AFFECT YOUR ACCESS TO OUR PLATFORM.

**9.2.**    WE PROVIDE LEAD GENERATION AND RELATED SERVICES ONLY, AND MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES AS TO THE ACTIONS OR INACTIONS OF THE TELEHEALTH RECIPIENTS WHO MAY REQUEST OR ACTUALLY RECEIVE TELEMEDICINE SERVICES FROM YOU. WE DO NOT SCREEN OR EVALUATE THESE TELEHEALTH RECIPIENTS. SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SUCH AS THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, SAFETY, SECURITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES TO THE EXTENT THOSE REGULATIONS ALLOW.

**9.3.**    IF A DISPUTE ARISES BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR TELEHEALTH RECIPIENTS OR ANY OTHER THIRD-PARTY, YOU RELEASE US FROM LOSSES OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED AND UNSUSPECTED, DISCLOSED AND UNDISCLOSED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.

**9.4.**    WE MAY USE ALGORITHMS IN AN ATTEMPT TO FACILITATE YOUR TELEMEDICINE SERVICES AND IMPROVE THE: EXPERIENCE OF USERS AND THE SECURITY AND SAFETY OF OUR PLATFORM; ANY SUCH USE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.

### 10. Information

We may collect and disclose information from or about you when you create an account,
interact with our Platform or provide services  and as otherwise described in our Privacy Notice.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (a) the collection, use, and disclosure of such
information will be made in accordance with our Privacy Notice and (b) if you elect to provide
or make available suggestions, comments, ideas, improvements, or other feedback or materials
to us in connection with, or related to, us or our Platform, we will be free to use, disclose,
reproduce, modify, license, transfer and otherwise distribute, and exploit any of the foregoing
information or materials in any manner.

### 11. Confidentiality; Non-Circumvention

**11.1.    Confidential Information.** Each party acknowledges and agrees that in the performance of this Agreement it may have access to or may be exposed to, directly or indirectly, confidential information of the other party or third parties (together with the Licensed Materials, collectively referred to herein as “_Confidential Information_”). Confidential Information includes User Information and the volume of delivery services, marketing and business plans, business, financial, technical, operational and such other, non-public information of each party (whether disclosed in writing or verbally) that such party designates as being proprietary or confidential or of which the other party should reasonably know that it should be treated as confidential. Confidential Information does not include any information that: (a) was in the receiving party’s lawful possession prior to the disclosure, as clearly and convincingly corroborated by written records, and had not been obtained by the receiving party either directly or indirectly from the disclosing party; (b) is lawfully disclosed to the receiving party by a third party without actual, implied or intended restriction on disclosure through the chain of possession, or (c) is independently developed by the receiving party without the use of or access to the Confidential Information, as clearly and convincingly corroborated by written records.

**11.2.    Obligations.** Each party acknowledges and agrees that: (a) all Confidential Information shall remain the exclusive property of the disclosing party; (b) it shall not use Confidential Information of the other party for any purpose except in furtherance of this Agreement; (c) it shall not disclose Confidential Information of the other party to any third-party, except to its employees, officers, contractors, agents and service providers ("_Permitted Persons_") as necessary to perform their obligations under this Agreement, provided Permitted Persons are bound in writing to obligations of confidentiality and non-use of Confidential Information no less protective than the terms hereof; and (d) it shall return or destroy all Confidential Information of the disclosing party, upon the termination of this Agreement or at the request of the other party; subject to applicable law and our internal record-keeping requirements.

**11.3.    Remedies.** The unauthorized use or disclosure of any Confidential Information would cause irreparable harm and significant damages, the degree of which may be difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, the parties have the right to obtain immediate equitable relief to enjoin any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information disclosed by the other party, in addition to any other rights or remedies described in Section 15, applicable law or otherwise.

**11.4.    Non-Disclosure; Prohibition against Use.** You agree not to use (except in the course of its engagement hereunder and in the provision of the Telemedicine Services), release, disclose, or disseminate to any person or entity any Confidential Information or Licensed Materials except (a) to authorized representatives of Pharmr; (b) upon court or governmental agency order; or (c) with the prior written consent of Pharmr. You acknowledge that it is prohibited from using any Confidential Information of Pharmr for your benefit other than in connection with this Agreement, this prohibition continues after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, and such unauthorized use may result in the imposition of damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and/or injunctive relief. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you will immediately return to Pharmr any Confidential Information in its possession. The provisions of this Section will survive the expiration or other termination of this Agreement. 

**11.5.    Non-Circumvention.** You will not, directly or indirectly, except in collaboration with Pharmr in connection with the Telemedicine Services described in this Agreement, or with the prior express written consent of Pharmr circumvent Pharmr to engage or contract directly with any third-party vendor of Pharmr whom you were introduced to by Pharmr.  Further, you shall not use any Confidential Information of Pharmr to circumvent Pharmr’s relationships or arrangements with any third-party or to compete with Pharmr.

## 12. Intellectual Property

We reserve all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. The run.pharmr.app, our Platform, and all data gathered through our Platform, including all intellectual property rights therein (the “_Platform IP_”), are and remain our property and/or that of our licensors, as applicable. Neither this Agreement nor your use of Pharmr’s or our licensors’ company names, logos, products or service names, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, other indicia of ownership, or copyrights (“_Pharmr Names, Marks, or Works_”) or the Platform IP conveys or grants to you any rights in or related to the Platform IP, or related intellectual property rights, including Pharmr’s Names, Marks, or Works, except for the limited license granted above. You shall not, and shall not allow any other party to: (a) license, sublicense, copy, modify, distribute, create, sell, resell, transfer, or lease any part of the Platform IP or Authorized Pharmr-Branded Materials; (b) reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of our software, except as allowed under law; (c) use, display, or manipulate any of Pharmr Names, Marks, or Works for any purpose other than to provide Telemedicine Services; (d) create or register any (i) businesses, (ii) URLs, (iii) domain names, (iv) software application names or titles, or (v) social media handles or profiles that include Pharmr Names, Marks, or Works or any confusingly or substantially similar mark, name, title, or work; (e) use Pharmr Names, Marks, or Works as your social media profile picture or wallpaper; (f) purchase keywords (including, but not limited to Google AdWords) that contain any Pharmr Names, Marks, or Works; (g) apply to register, reference, use, copy, and/or claim ownership in Pharmr’s Names, Marks, or Works, or in any confusingly or substantially similar name, mark, title, or work, in any manner for any purposes, alone or in combination with other letters, punctuation, words, symbols, designs, and/or any creative works, except as may be permitted in the limited license granted above; (h) cause or launch any programs or scripts for the purpose of scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining any part of our Platform or data; or (i) aggregate our data with competitors’.

## 13. Third-Party Services

From time to time we may permit third parties to offer their services to users of our Platform.
Third-party services may be subject to additional terms (including pricing) that apply between
you and the party(ies) providing such services. If you choose to access the third-party services
you understand that the providers of the third-party services are solely responsible for liabilities
arising in connection with the access and use of such third-party services. While we may allow
users to access such services through our Platform and we may collect information about our
users’ use of such services, we may not investigate, monitor or check such third-party services
for accuracy or completeness.

### 14. Miscellaneous

**14.1.    No Third-Party Beneficiaries.** It is intended and agreed that this Agreement will not be construed as creating, or be deemed to create, any right or remedy in any third party.

**14.2.    Waiver.** The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to or performance of any provision of this Agreement on any occasion will not be considered a waiver nor will it deprive that party of the right thereafter to enforce performance of or adherence to that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. Any waiver of any terms and conditions of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the parties.

**14.3.    Modification.** You will only be bound by modifications or supplements to this PAA on your acceptance, but if you do not agree to them, you may not be allowed to access our Platform. Such modifications or supplements may be provided to you only via electronic means. From time to time we may modify information hyperlinked in this PAA (or the addresses where such information may be found) and such modifications shall be effective when posted.

**14.4.    Severability.** Invalidity of any provision of this Agreement does not affect the rest of this Agreement. The parties shall replace the invalid or non-binding provision with provision(s) that are valid and binding and that have, to the greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the invalid or non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of this Agreement.

**14.5.    Assignment.** We may freely assign or transfer this Agreement or any of our rights or obligations in them, in whole or in part, without your prior consent. You agree not to assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, and any attempted assignment without such consent is void.

**14.6.    Conflicts.** Except with respect to the Arbitration Provision, if there is a conflict between this PAA and any supplemental terms between you and us, those supplemental terms will prevail with respect to the specific conflict if explicitly provided therein, and is in addition to, and a part of, this Agreement.

**14.7.    Interpretation.** In this Agreement, “including” and “include” mean “including, but not limited to.”

**14.8.    Notice.** Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices to us shall be given by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested to Meters Per Second Inc. 276 Fifth AVE STE 704, New York, NY 10001, Attn: Legal Department. All notices to you may be provided electronically including through our Platform or by other means.

**14.9.    Governing Law.** Except as specifically provided in this PAA, this PAA is governed by the applicable law of the state where you reside (or where your entity is domiciled) when you accepted this PAA (the “Governing Law”). The Governing Law shall apply without reference to the choice-of-law principles that would result in the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction.

**14.10.    Entire Agreement.** Except as specifically set forth in Section 14.6 or the Arbitration Provision, this Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding with respect to the subject matter expressly contemplated herein and therein, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or undertakings on this subject matter.

**14.11.    No Incorporation.** Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no agreement, term or other provision relating to your indemnification obligations to us will be considered incorporated by reference, or otherwise a part of, this Agreement.

**14.12.    Questions.** If you have questions about our Platform, you may contact us
by visiting run.pharmr.app and navigating to the “Support” section.

**14.13.    Captions and Headings.** The captions and headings throughout this Agreement are for convenience and reference only, and will in no way be held or deemed to define, limit, describe, explain, modify, amplify or add to the interpretation, construction or meaning of any provision or to the scope or intent of this Agreement or in any other way affect the Agreement.

**14.14.    Time of Essence.** Time is of the essence in the performance of all matters under this Agreement.

**14.15.    Covenants and Conditions.** Each term and each provision of this Agreement will be construed to be both a covenant and a condition, and unless expressly stated to the contrary in this Agreement, each such covenant and condition is intended to be effective throughout the term of this Agreement.

**14.16.    Remedies.** The various rights and remedies provided for herein will be cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may be entitled to pursue under the law. The exercise of one or more of such rights or remedies will not impair the rights of either party to exercise any other right or remedy at law or in equity.

### 15. Arbitration Provision

**IMPORTANT: PLEASE REVIEW THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION CAREFULLY, AS IT WILL REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW. YOU MAY CHOOSE TO OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION BY FOLLOWING THE BELOW INSTRUCTIONS. THERE ARE AND/OR MAY BE LAWSUITS ALLEGING CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIMS ON YOUR BEHALF AGAINST US. IF YOU DO NOT OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION AND THEREFORE AGREE TO ARBITRATION WITH US, YOU ARE AGREEING IN ADVANCE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BELOW, THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN AND, THEREFORE, WILL NOT SEEK OR BE ELIGIBLE TO RECOVER MONETARY OR OTHER RELIEF IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY SUCH CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE LAWSUIT. THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, HOWEVER, WILL ALLOW YOU TO BRING INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION ON YOUR OWN BEHALF.**

**15.1.    How This Arbitration Provision Applies.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.1.1.    This Arbitration Provision is a contract governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. and evidences a transaction involving commerce, and you agree that this is not a contract of employment involving any class of workers engaged in foreign or interstate commerce within the meaning of Section 1 of the Federal Arbitration Act. If notwithstanding the foregoing, the Federal Arbitration Act does not apply to this Arbitration Provision, the law pertaining to arbitration agreements of the state where you reside when you entered into this Agreement shall apply. Except as it otherwise provides, this Arbitration Provision applies to any legal dispute, past, present or future, arising out of or related to your relationship with us or relationship with any of our agents, employees, executives, officers, investors, shareholders, affiliates, successors, assigns, subsidiaries or parent companies (each of which may enforce this Arbitration Provision as third party beneficiaries), and termination of that relationship, and survives after the relationship terminates.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.1.2.    This Arbitration Provision applies to all claims whether brought by you or us, except as provided below. This Arbitration Provision requires all such claims to be resolved only by an arbitrator through final and binding individual arbitration and not by way of court or jury trial. Except as provided below regarding the Class Action Waiver and Representative Action Waiver, such disputes include without limitation disputes arising out of or relating to interpretation or application of this Arbitration Provision, including the formation, scope, enforceability, waiver, applicability, revocability or validity of this Arbitration Provision or any portion of this Arbitration Provision.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.1.3.    Except as it otherwise provides, this Arbitration Provision also applies, without limitation, to disputes between you and us, or between you and any other entity or individual, arising out of or related to your application for and use of an account to use our Platform, background checks, your privacy, your contractual relationship with us or the termination of that relationship (including post-relationship defamation or retaliation claims), the nature of your relationship with us (including, but not limited to, any claim that you are our employee), trade secrets, workplace safety and health, unfair competition, compensation, minimum wage, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, retaliation, discrimination, or harassment and claims arising under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. § 1981, 8 U.S.C. § 1324b (unfair immigration related practices), Americans With Disabilities Act, Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, Older Workers Benefits Protection Act of 1990, Occupational Safety and Health Act, Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, federal, state or local statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state, or local statutory, common law and legal claims (including without limitation, torts) arising out of or relating to your relationship with us or the termination of that Relationship.

**15.2.    Limitations On How This Arbitration Provision Applies.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.2.1.    Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents you from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.2.2.    Where you allege claims of sexual assault or sexual harassment, you may elect to bring those claims in a court of competent jurisdiction instead of arbitration. We agree to honor your election of forum with respect to your individual sexual harassment or sexual assault claim but in so doing does not waive the enforceability of this Arbitration Provision as to any other provision (including but not limited to Section 13.4—Class Action Waiver, which will continue to apply in court and arbitration), controversy, claim or dispute.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.2.3.    To the extent an Act of Congress or applicable federal law not preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act provides that a particular claim or dispute may not be subject to pre-dispute arbitration, such claim or dispute is excluded from the coverage of this Arbitration Provision. Likewise, if the Federal Arbitration Act does not apply to a claim or dispute, any claims or disputes that may not be subject to pre-dispute arbitration under applicable state arbitration law will be excluded from the coverage of this Arbitration Provision.

**15.3.    Governing Rules, Starting The Arbitration, And Selecting The Arbitrator.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.1.    The JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures (“JAMS Rules”) will apply to arbitration under this Arbitration Provision; however, if there is a conflict between the JAMS Rules and this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision shall govern. The JAMS Rules are available by, for example, searching Google.com, to locate “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules” or by clicking here: [https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/](https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/).

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.2.    Prior to commencing arbitration with JAMS, the party bringing the claim in arbitration must first demand arbitration in writing within the applicable statute of limitations period. The demand for arbitration shall include identification of the parties, a statement of the legal and factual basis of the claim(s), and a specification of the remedy sought and the amount in controversy. Any demand for arbitration made to us shall be served upon Pharmr’s registered agent for service of process (The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801). Any demand for arbitration made to you shall be sent via electronic email to the email address associated with your run.pharmr.app account.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.3.    Before the arbitration demand is submitted to JAMS, the party bringing the claim shall first attempt to informally negotiate with the other party, in good faith, a resolution of the dispute, claim or controversy between the parties for a period of not less than 30 days but no more than 45 days (“_negotiation period_”) unless extended by mutual agreement of the parties. During the negotiation period, any otherwise applicable statute of limitations shall be tolled. If the parties cannot reach an agreement to resolve the dispute, claim or controversy within the negotiation period, the party bringing the claim shall submit the arbitration demand to JAMS.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.4.    To commence arbitration, the party bringing the claim must: (1) submit the arbitration demand to JAMS, and (2) pay its, his or her portion of any initial arbitration filing fee (see Section 13.6, below).

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.5.    During the negotiation period, the party bringing the claim shall also make a good faith effort to meet and confer with the other party regarding the selection of an Arbitrator. If the parties reach agreement on an Arbitrator not affiliated with JAMS or to use procedures either not specified in the JAMS Rules or in lieu of the JAMS Rules, any such agreement shall be memorialized in writing before arbitration is commenced.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.6.    Delivering a written arbitration demand to the other party will not relieve the party bringing the claim of the obligation to commence arbitration as described above. It shall always be the obligation of the party bringing the claim to commence arbitration.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.7.    If, for any reason, the parties cannot agree to an Arbitrator or JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral Arbitrator. The location of the arbitration shall be no more than 45 miles from and in the same state where you conduct your primary business, unless each party to the arbitration agrees in writing otherwise.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.3.8.    All claims in arbitration are subject to the same statutes of limitation that would apply in court. The Arbitrator shall resolve all disputes regarding the timeliness or propriety of the demand for arbitration.

**15.4.    Class Action Waiver.** ***This Arbitration Provision affects your ability to participate in class or collective actions.*** Both Pharmr and you agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others. There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or for you to participate as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Arbitration Provision or the JAMS Rules, disputes in court or arbitration regarding the validity, enforceability, conscionability or breach of the Class Action Waiver, or whether the Class Action Waiver is void or voidable, may be resolved only by the court and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration.

**15.5.    Representative Action Waiver.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.5.1.    ***This Arbitration Provision affects your ability to participate in representative actions.*** To the maximum extent provided by law, both Pharmr and you agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a representative basis—including but not limited to as a private attorney general representative under the California Labor Code—on behalf of others. There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a representative action, or for you to participate as a member in any such representative proceeding (“Representative Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Arbitration Provision or the JAMS Rules, disputes in court or arbitration regarding the validity, enforceability, conscionability or breach of the Representative Action Waiver, or whether the Representative Action Waiver is void or voidable, may be resolved only by the court and not by an arbitrator. If any portion of this Representative Action Waiver is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason (1) any representative claims subject to the unenforceable or unlawful portion(s) shall proceed in a civil court of competent jurisdiction; (2) the portion of the Representative Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration; (3) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from this Agreement; and (4) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the Arbitration Provision or the arbitrability of any remaining claims asserted by you or us.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.5.2.    Disputes regarding the nature of your relationship with us (including, but not limited to, any claim that you are an employee of us), as well as any claim you bring on your own behalf as an aggrieved worker for recovery of underpaid wages or other individualized relief (as opposed to a representative claim for civil penalties) are arbitrable and must be brought in arbitration on an individual basis only as required by this Arbitration Provision. You agree that any representative claim that is permitted to proceed in a civil court of competent jurisdiction must be stayed pending the arbitration of your dispute regarding the nature of your relationship with us and any claim you bring on your own behalf for individualized relief.

**15.6.    Paying For The Arbitration.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.6.1.    Except in the case of offers of judgment (such as under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 or any applicable state equivalents), each party will pay the fees for its, his or her own attorneys and any costs that are not unique to arbitration, subject to any remedies to which that party may later be entitled under applicable law.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.6.2.   Each party shall follow the JAMS Rules applicable to initial arbitration filing fees, except that your portion of any initial arbitration filing fee shall not exceed the amount you would be required to pay to initiate a lawsuit in federal court in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted. After (and only after) you have paid your portion of any initial arbitration filing fee, we will make up the difference, if any, between the fee you have paid and the amount required by the JAMS Rules.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.6.3.   In all cases where required by law, we will pay the Arbitrator's fees, as well as all fees and costs unique to arbitration. Otherwise, such fee(s) will be apportioned between the parties in accordance with said applicable law, and any disputes in that regard will be resolved by the Arbitrator. You agree to not oppose any negotiations between JAMS and Pharmr relating only to our fees.

**15.7.   The Arbitration Hearing And Award.** Within 30 days of the close of the arbitration hearing, any party will have the right to prepare, serve on the other party and file with the Arbitrator a brief. The Arbitrator may award any party any remedy to which that party is entitled under applicable law, but such remedies shall be limited to those that would be available to a party in his or her individual capacity in a court of law for the claims presented to and decided by the Arbitrator. The Arbitrator shall apply applicable controlling law and will issue a decision or award in writing, stating the essential findings of fact and conclusions of law. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enter a judgment upon the award made pursuant to the arbitration.

**15.8.    Your Right To Opt Out Of This Arbitration Provision.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.8.1.   Agreeing to this Arbitration Provision is not a mandatory condition of your contractual relationship with us. If you do not want to be subject to this Arbitration Provision, you may opt out of this Arbitration Provision (subject to the pending litigation provision in Section 13.2, and the limitations set forth in this Section 13.8). To do so, within 30 days of the date that this Agreement is electronically accepted by you, you must send an electronic email from the email address associated with your run.pharmr.app account to optout@pharmr.app, stating your intent to opt out of this Arbitration Provision, utilizing the following format: I, a telemedicine services provider, hereby opt-out of the arbitration agreement to the fullest possible extent. My name is [name], the email address associated with my Pharmr account is [email address] and I reside in [primary address].

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.8.2.   An email sent by your agent or representative (including your counsel) shall not be effective. Your email may opt out yourself only, and any email that purports to opt out anyone other than yourself shall be void as to any others. Should you not opt out of this Arbitration Provision within the 30-day period, you and Pharmr shall be bound by the terms of this Arbitration Provision. You will not be subject to retaliation if you exercise your right to opt out of this Arbitration Provision.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.8.3.   If you opt out of this Arbitration Provision and at the time of your receipt of this Agreement you were bound by an existing agreement to arbitrate disputes arising out of or related to your use of our Platform, that existing arbitration agreement will remain in full force and effect.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;15.8.4.   Neither your acceptance of this Agreement nor your decision to opt out of this Arbitration Provision will affect any obligation you have to arbitrate disputes not specified in this Arbitration Provision pursuant to any other agreement you have with us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliate entities. Likewise, your acceptance of or decision to opt out of any other arbitration agreement you have with us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliate entities shall not affect any obligation you have to arbitrate claims pursuant to this Arbitration Provision.

**15.9.    Enforcement Of This Arbitration Provision.**

You have the right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this Arbitration Provision and to be represented by counsel at any stage during the arbitration process. Except as provided in Sections 15.2 and 15.8 of this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision replaces prior agreements regarding the arbitration of disputes and is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable. This Arbitration Provision will survive the termination of your relationship with us, and it will continue to apply if your relationship with us is ended but later renewed. ***By checking the box, I expressly acknowledge that I have read, understood, and considered the consequences of this Agreement, that I agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, and that I am legally competent to enter into this Agreement with Pharmr.***

